hi friends android sis in the
next video tutorial I'm going to
teach how to optimize the maximum
samsung terminal gps family
galaxy and good in general is valid for
all samsung terminals
the rom that you have and the version of
android that you have, I will do it in
the latest version of android on jelly
beans was version 4.1.1 but it's worth
for the cs
and to jailbreak or roll the first thing that
we will have to do will be install
gri gps and the faster fix are two
applications that we will attach here in the
video and in the post of the android blog
sis first we will open once
downloaded the two applications and the
we will install and the first thing we will do in
open in faster mix
once opened faster six here
we will configure the default server
that we are going to use to catch the
data from satellites
that we want in the little arrow and we will choose
the one that suits us best in our areas
in my case it will be
the one in europe
we click on go
and as we see it has changed to europe
we can go backwards like that one thing
that told us that you have to have the
Alum terminal rotate if we will not be worth in
three applications now that it's going to be
before s
and click on settings
here it comes by default we have to
click on general settings here we will see
which by default comes in stand alone and
we will change it to ms bass
now we go back twice
we apply in delete gps
/ efe test click on start
and we wait for him to take satellites
I started to get satellites
this first time it takes a little longer than the
account
but then he chooses it very quickly
we already have it now we would give through
it would already be configured perfectly
heads if we open any application
I need gps like the maps we'll see
as
connects often and then we
give the position
there is
this is all I hope has served you
help and see you in a next video
tutorial
see you later
ah